<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<body>
I’m not sure how else to start this project, but the best way to do it seems to be to just start writing. I’m certain my family will find a robot version of me horrendous. I decided to start this because of the Andy Warhol diaries. He would record conversations between himself and a friend over the phone. He talked about his whole life and opened up to this particular person. I don’t think I have anyone that I can consistently keep up with like that so a virtual diary will have to do.

Today I went to the CVS Minute Clinic to see if I had some kind of sinus infection because my face is exploding from allergies. The nurse practitioner gave me a drug cocktail to hopefully make my face stop swelling.

I’ve been thinking a lot about Liz and Kenzie’s wedding and how it is impending. That always makes me cry. As does the thought of them reproducing. Surprise, surprise.

I’ve also been thinking about my trip across Europe. I do miss traveling solo from England, to Germany, to Italy. I stayed in Briston while I was there and went to London to visit a bunch of museums. The British Museum, The Imperial War Museum, The Churchill War Rooms, and the National War Museum. I loved the quotes from Winston Churchill, particularly ‘All men are worms, but I am a glow worm.” While I was in Germany I visited Berlin, Munich, and Nuremberg. I went to several war museums and art museums while I was there. I also met a great guy in my Berlin hostel who took me out for a beer. He was a digital humanist too. I walked all around the Berlin wall and took as many graffiti pictures as possible. There was one image in particular that I liked so much I decided to get tattooed. Suki and I now have matching rabbits in rocking chairs on our ankles.

In college we had to do a journaling exercise. I remember violently hating it at the time, but I’m beginning to think I should have kept it up. I’m hoping by starting it again i’ll be able to sort my emotions.

I just finished my first week at Chabad as a teacher and I am utterly exhausted. I came home to Liz and Caroline who were also stressed wanting to play beer pong so we did. I need a mental break I think, which feels silly given that we just got back from Christmas. Lately, it just feels like I have a never-ending task list of things I need to get done immediately. I also decided to start looking for a therapist. I think that’s more than a little overdue. 

I’m dog-sitting at the aunt's house this weekend. We’re all chilling and waiting on the ice storm that’s supposed to happen. My coworkers noticed that I hadn’t been taking the grocery bags home on Wednesday so they left it in the classroom. That same day as I was walking out I ran into one of the parents…he happened to recognize me from his store, Elite body piercing. It was very funny. For some reason, I’m very sad today. I’m going to blame it on birth control. Nadav pulled Ronel’s pants and underwear down while he was on the monkey bars. Hard to not laugh at that when I’m supposed to be in teacher mode. Also, last night I went oout with Kenzie, Caroline, and Liz to 810. We made origami cranes with the black napkins that came ouot of a Jack Danielsl thingy.
I feel great. I bought a new book, I jammed out to good music while driving past the beach, and there was a dadgum rainbow out on my drive home. The book is “Michelangelo’s Notebooks” and it has poetry, letters, and art from the “great master.” I disabled my social media about a week ago and I feel significantly more at peace. Also, the best conversation I’ve ever had with a child happened today. “Your mom must be a smart lady” “She’s not a lady!” “Well, what is she” “She’s a jew!” Thanks Moshe.

So I’ve made it a rule not to talk about dating in that journal…however! The other night I met a guy for dinner at 7:30 and we didn’t get back until 2:30 in the morning. This is because we went to a gay club and watched a drag show. It was soo fun! The next night I drove Kenzie and Liz to Bull & Bush and it was karaoke night. This drunk woman gets up with her husband “This song is for my ex-husband who’s dying in the hospital.” WILD. Honestly though, good for her. I also went to Crazy Mason and got a kick-ass smores milkshake. Great weekend.
</body.
</html>